c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.pkgdef
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.vsix
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE100.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE80.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CommandBars.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.14.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.10.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.11.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.12.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.14.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90a.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ComponentModelHost.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.GraphModel.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.MSXML.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE100.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE80.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.14.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.10.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.11.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.12.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.14.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90a.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.xml
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\OrganizeUsingsPackage.cto
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.pdb
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.pkgdef
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\CustomUsingsOrganizer.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
c:\users\lazhenskiy.r\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.Core.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Engine.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
C:\Users\lazhenskiy.r\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomUsingsOrganizer\CustomUsingsOrganizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
